added link to dbm supported versions (#15899)
DataDog/integrations-core: sqlserver/README.md

**Note**: To install Database Monitoring for SQL Server, select your hosting solution on the [documentation site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/database_monitoring/#sqlserver) for instructions.

> Supported versions of SQL Server for the SQL Server check are the same as for Database Monitoring. Visit the [Setting up SQL Server page](https://docs.datadoghq.com/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/) to see the currently supported versions under the 'Self-hosted' heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported versions of SQL Server for the SQL Server check are the same as for Database Monitoring. Visit the [Setting up SQL Server page](https://docs.datadoghq.com/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/) to see the currently supported versions under the **Self-hosted** heading.
```
